Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-default-value-is-displayed-on-edit-mode-of-asset-property-in.md (#2088)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-default-value-is-displayed-on-edit-mode-of-asset-property-in.md

---
date: ""

> title: Asset property field in subassets view now empty after clearing the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Asset property field in the subassets view now remains empty after the existing or default value is cleared
```

> title: Asset property default value displayed in sub-asset edit mode after clearing the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Asset property field in subassets view now empty after clearing the value
```

Reviewer 2: Can we replace the title with "Asset property field in the subassets view now remains empty after the existing or default value is cleared."

> title: Default value is displayed on edit mode of asset property in sub-assets page even when user clears the value (#5930)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Asset property default value displayed in sub-asset edit mode after clearing the value
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58456
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Default value is displayed on edit mode of asset property in sub-assets page even when user clears the value (#5930)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the Cumulocity IoT application, when editing an asset property value in the sub-assets page, the default value was still displayed even after the user had cleared the value. This issue has now been resolved. With this fix, when a user clears an asset property value in the sub-asset edit mode, the field will be empty as expected without retaining the default value. This change improves the usability and data integrity when modifying asset properties within sub-assets.
```

> When editing an asset property value in the sub-assets page, the default value was still displayed even after the user had cleared the value. This issue has now been resolved. With this fix, when a user clears an asset property value in the sub-asset page and saves the changes, the field will be empty as expected without retaining the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When editing an asset property value in the subassets view, the default value was still displayed even after the user had cleared the value. This issue has now been resolved. With this fix, when a user clears an asset property value in the subassets view and saves the changes, the field will be empty as expected without retaining the default value.
```
